you won't believe what happened to this
girl after she ate an infected chicken
nugget at the farm where it all started
we find some chickens acting up
then we're treated to a little montage
of how chicken nuggets are actually made
kinda gross wait a second this nugget
doesn't look so good maybe we should
take a look at that nope okay
unfortunately it passes all inspections
and makes its way out for distribution
eventually it ends up at a school in a
town called fort chicken fitting then at
a school cafeteria a girl named shelly
sinks her teeth into its succulent flesh
yummy then we meet clint a failed writer
turned substitute teacher currently
living with his mom relatable he asked
her for some feedback on the book he's
writing to which she kindly responds oh
it's wonderful sweetie yeah but like
tell me how you really feel mom his
mother proceeds to tear into the book
explaining she was left confused bored
and constipated oh okay mom clint heads
to school while testing out some chapter
ideas the boat was evil but it was an
acceptable level of evil that's it
that's the one before he arrives he runs
into rick a security guard he confuses
clint for his mushroom dealer and asks
do you got the good stuff portobello
shiitake uh i'm a substitute teacher he
arrives and ends up sandwiched in by
this behemoth of a truck it's owned by
wade the gym teacher who must be
compensating for something clink reads
the vice principal when he's informed
he'll need to hand in his phone this is
a no phone zone and we can't expect our
students to do something we won't the
man continues to ramble you know we
really gotta get these kids outside more
even if it means locking them out and i
will do that moving on clint pays a
visit to the teacher's lounge where he
meets rebecca she sternly warns him not
to look at her funny because she's got
an alarm button with her at all times
one press and the popo pulls up weird
flex but okay then wade walks by to grab
some coffee clint tries to make small
talk but wade just ties him up and down
god can this day get any worse
just as he utters those words ray of
shining light emerges lucy is that you
clint runs into an old classmate of his
that he hasn't seen in 15 years they
immediately kick it off and she's all
smiles i heard you went to new york to
chase your dreams yeah i i did but um i
just wanted to slow things down for a
bit meanwhile a teacher named doug is
seen reading a book titled how to have a
normal conversation he awkwardly walks
up and erupts god it's a scorcher out
there huh uh yeah man then wade joins a
conversation and doug meekly wonders
away clinton wait exchange greetings
pleased to meet you with me to please
yeah before clint makes mention of the
parking incident that happened earlier
my truck's got a dual rear wheel what
was that dual rear wheel come again
a little louder
oh
dual rear wheel drive gotcha wade learns
that clint is a writer so he asked him
about his upcoming book well it's about
a guy with a possessed bow wade proceeds
to call out clint's unoriginality by
referencing some other similar works we
cut to a classroom where two boys are
teasing shelley you look like my
butthole's ass okay you get an a plus
for that brilliant use of descriptive
language just outside lucy directs clint
to his room while he remarks that wade
is a jerk
he's my boyfriend
god damn it clean arrives to class and
writes his name on the board one student
points out that his name looks like
something else i'll have to let you guys
figure this one out very funny kid
what's your name patriot patriot
proceeds to proudly remark that one day
he'll be a soldier thank you patriot
very cool alrighty time for today's
lesson clint has another student calvin
come up to read his book out loud very
cheeky way to promote your book clint
anyway as calvin reads and clint enjoys
we can hear shelley wheezing patriot
leans over to get her attention and then
oh crap she's wearing a weave shelley
lunges at him and takes a chunk out of
his cheek clint breaks it up but takes
his crotch for his troubles he takes
patriot to the nurse who recommends
stitches clint teases the boy oh you'll
tough it out won't you patriot after
class clint heads back to the teacher's
lounge and chats up lucy again meanwhile
outside a boy named dink confronts
shelly about biting his friend shelley
can be seen attempting to dig a hole
under the fence before she attacks dink
this sets off a chen reaction of carnage
as dink proceeds to run around infecting
everyone with slashing strikes rick the
security guard witnesses the entire
thing but is under the effects of
medication nonetheless he hits up the
principle and reports the happenings
look at him snooping around on
everyone's phones very naughty whit is
out there too completely unaware of
what's happening as he plays ball by
himself then he catches a glimpse of
clint and lucy laughing it up through
the window at last the vice principal
has arrived to bring order to the chaos
or not he's quickly restrained by the
infected and torn inside out meanwhile
in the lounge oh look carnage the
teachers pile up at the window and spot
wade who's just now realized what's
going on rebecca presses her alert
button while wade gets cornered then he
issues a warning i was a state champion
in football you don't want this smoke
right after the words exit his mouth he
takes off smashing tackling and clapping
everyone in his path he just barely
makes it inside and meets up with the
other teachers geez those little shits
are fast not to worry sheriff dave has
arrived and everything's going to be
fine wait dave stop
oh geez and shelly dug her way out of
the fence too dave makes it back in the
car but before he can call for backup
back in the lounge tara strikes his
patriot pulls up he goes straight for
rebecca but she dodges at the last
second instead this lady feels the power
of his patriotism
wait coldly but correctly locks her in
then the group heads out to a safer spot
they arrive at the library and find
calvin there everyone freaks out but
tracy yes that is his name don't judge
remarks that he's not like the others
and i'm not just saying that because
you're the only black student uh okay
but yeah he's not infected calvin joins
the squad as they move towards the band
room once there an unwelcome visitor
appears
everybody collects themselves while doug
inspects her appearance inside clint and
wade argue about what to do next clint
wants to go to the vice principal's
office to retrieve their phones while
wade chose violence this morning let's
just grab some weapons and beat them up
a few insults are thrown like a little
hobbit wait a second is that a lord of
the rings reference lucy breaks things
up but then out of nowhere clint's
stomach has something to say
he says he doesn't feel so well before
realizing he was scratched by shelley
wade picks him up and then man handles
him away from the others this is your
home now shortly after doug checks in on
him he emerges and reports that after a
thorough and gloveless inspection of
clint's bodily fluids he believes that
the sickness affects adults differently
basically if your balls have dropped
then you merely get a stomach flu the
group accepts clint back into their
ranks and they all head off towards the
roof lucy cleverly realizes the parents
would be pulling up soon and that they
could signal them for help oh look
there's one unfortunately the woman is
on her phone then her infected boy
starts walking up try as they might the
teachers fail to grab her attention her
son enters the car and realizes his baby
brother is quite appetizing what the
hell are you doing
huh
[Music]
the teachers look on with horror when
suddenly
oh wait she's not infected the girl
tamara joins the squad and upon
realizing the zombies can climb trees
they all head back inside the infected
make chase but wade keeps them from
entering for the most part dink made his
way through and has a hold of doug
never mind realizing what he's just done
to that poor boy wade walks off for a
moment of self-reflection he heads into
the closet where perhaps he belongs and
sulks about what he did lucy comes in to
comfort him but he's in a bitter mood
why don't you go talk to your boyfriend
he says referring to clint i see the way
you smile at him i wish i could make you
smile like that before wade can collapse
into a weeping beta
the lights go out the group springs into
action but calvin is asleep uh-oh he's
diabetic and needs sugar fast then the
sound of rattling keys emerge no way
they can use keys too oh it's just
hitachi the janitor he directs everyone
towards a secret hideout wait you live
here yeah pretty cozy not gonna lie with
the clock ticking for calvin the group
needs to come up with a plan fast clint
notices an air vent if that connects to
the vice principal's office then we can
get our phones hitachi whips out a map
of the vents and since clint is a hobbit
he's tasked with embarking on the
journey he sets forth in the vets as
doug leaves him with some encouraging
words
remember clint if you fail we're all
gonna die lucy snatches the radio and
sends good vibes and prayers his way
though wade begins to make fun of him
like this is a modern warfare 2 lobby
lucy has enough of weight and
decides she's going to head into vents
with clint i hate every single one of
you chill the pair meet up and proceed
towards a vending machine for calvin's
sake once they arrive lucy splits up to
get her phone but finds that they've all
been destroyed meanwhile clint tries to
get a snacky wait dude just break it
open before he can come to that
revelation a little emerges clint
hides and waits with baited breath but
then
the girl screeches alerting patriot in
the process lucy returns and patriot is
not far behind the pair rush into the
vents but so does patriot and the others
clint and lucy don't have time to stop
so he tosses the candy bar down the vent
for calvin before continuing forward
wade locks the vent while the pair seek
refuge in another room then clint opens
up about his feelings for lucy and the
fact that he's actually a loser
relatable somehow this inspires her to
kiss him i gotta try that shortly after
clint finds some um candy in the kids
bags and feeds it to them this causes
them to pass out and then the new couple
makes their escape meanwhile wait in the
gang gear up for a final battle wait why
is he swinging that so sensually moving
on
as they head out we spot weights popping
and yet pragmatic drip the group runs
into clint and lucy and then they
proceed forward hey do you have games on
your phone
no no i don't think i do a couple more
kitties pull up but wade swiftly batters
them then they make it outside to the
playground while hitachi stays back to
honorably hold off the rear wave look at
this man's moves just outside the
teachers in the infected clash in an
epic display of carnage wade decides to
stay back and fend off the fortnite
players while the others continue take
care of her will you clint with his
blessing clinton and the crew continue
in wade's dual rear wheel drive truck
yes i did it while driving
patriots springs into action but then
gets flung across the road he gets up
and strikes a terrifying pose while
clint shifts the car to reverse
oh that's good stuff
soon after they find the town to be
completely decimated they come across
some tvs reporting news from other
states yep we're screwed doug suggests
that if he could just get his hands on a
nugget he could perhaps reverse engineer
it and find an antidote but first we
gotta get out of here they end up in a
chucky cheese or something and find some
nuggets along with a lot of hungry
zombies staring at their next meal
before things turn deadly someone pulls
up somebody order a badass yeah could i
actually get a side of fries with that
why didn't hitachi blast the infected
with water guns okay
actually you dummy it's gasoline
everyone gets back in the car while
wondering how wade found them well i can
always find where my
real
uh so i don't know how to tell you guys
this but that's literally the end of the
movie i'm sure you guys notice the new
drip on the channel check the link in
the description that's the guy who made
it and he's kind of hilarious show him
some love